c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.exe
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.dll.config
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.deps.json
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.pdb
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Azure.Core.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Azure.Identity.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Build.Locator.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.ClientModel.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Memory.Data.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.Business.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.Data.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.Data.pdb
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.Business.pdb
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\Farm_Simulation.Forms.MainForm.resources
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimu.A9C2DA36.Up2Date
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\refint\FarmSimulation.UI.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.pdb
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\Farm Simulation\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\ref\FarmSimulation.UI.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.exe
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.dll.config
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.deps.json
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.pdb
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Azure.Core.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Azure.Identity.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Humanizer.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Build.Locator.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.ClientModel.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Composition.Convention.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Memory.Data.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.MSBuild.BuildHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.Business.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.Data.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.Data.pdb
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\bin\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.Business.pdb
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\Farm_Simulation.Forms.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimu.A9C2DA36.Up2Date
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\refint\FarmSimulation.UI.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.pdb
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\FarmSimulation.UI.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.UI\obj\Debug\net9.0-windows\ref\FarmSimulation.UI.dll
