C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\bin\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.deps.json
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\bin\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\bin\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\bin\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.pdb
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\FarmSimulation.Data.dll
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.pdb
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\a\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\FarmSimulation.Data.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\bin\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.deps.json
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\bin\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\bin\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\bin\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.pdb
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\FarmSimulation.Data.dll
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.pdb
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\obj\Debug\net9.0\FarmSimulation.Data.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\burak\OneDrive\Desktop\Farm-Simulation\Farm Simulation\FarmSimulation.Data\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\FarmSimulation.Data.dll
